1.  AIRPORT PICK-UP and/or DROP-OFF
   *  5 to 10 persons			P 900 net per van per way
   *  4 persons and below 	P 470 net per van per way

2.  CHECK IN and CHECK-OUT
   Check in time is 2:00 OM and check-out time is 12:00 PM. Please be informed that the hotel will hold the room until 3:00 PM cut-off unless the flight details are provided or a deposit is made.

3.  PAYMENT POLICY
   *  A deposit is requested at the time of reservation either thru cash, credit card, company check (4 working days in advance) or bank transfer.
   *  Upon check in, we require credit card verification to guarantee all room and incidental charges.
   *  For company check payments, kindly pay at least 4 working days in advance. Please make it payable to Alpa Hotel Management & Services, Inc. All check payments are subject to clearing.
   *  For bank transfer, our bank details are as follows:
	Account Name :		
	Acocunt Number :	
	Branch :			
      Kindly fax a copy of the deposit slip to (+63-32) 422-7171 local 103 to the Finance Manager.
   *  For companies with approved credit line, we require a Letter of Authority stipulating the limitation of charges that will be billed to your company (i.e. rooms, meals, banquets, transportation, etc.) prior to the arrival of the guest/s.
   *  For high-occupancy periods, all non-guaranteed reservations shall mean automatic cancellation of the booking, unless prior credit arrangements have been made.

4.  CANCELLATIONS, "NO SHOW" and EARLY DEPARTURE
   *  For regular seasons, any cancellation must be advised and duly acknowledged by Alpa City Suites at least twenty four (24) hours prior to arrival to avoid one(1) night cancellation charge.
   *  For peak seasoins, cancellations received within seventy two(72) hours of arrival shall merit full charges equivalent to the actual duration of the guests' stay.
   *  In the event of "No Show" or "Early Departure" on peak seasons, all guaranteed reservations shall merit a charge equivalent to a maximum of three(3) nights stay. If guests' stay is less than three(3) nights, then full charges shall be applied equivalent to the actual duration of the guests' stay.
